Session 12
==========

May 31, 2026
^^^^^^^^^^^^

**Quote of the Day:**

::

  TBD


The party explored the house in the woods to find dust, dust, more dust, and (*gasp*) a woman chained to the ceiling! In true paladin fashion, Runa kicked down the door to a small storage room to discover Cordy hanging from the ceiling in chains, her dress cut open over her stomach, and a leather bag shackled over her head. Much to the dismay of the party, it appeared that magic spells were offline within the house, as well as their magic items. On the flipside, it meant the flocks of undead crows waiting outside were not following them inside the house. 

With good use of applied physics, Nora used a crowbar to unscrew the lagbolt the chain was hanging from, while Runa held tired, little Cordy off the ground. Once she was free, Eoin carried her around in order to feel useful without his spells. They searched the rest of the house but came up empty-handed. Just as they were about to leave, Seren showed up, seemingly none the worse for wear despite being left to fend off three dragon wyrmlings by himself.

While several rather unsafe suggestions were made to try relieving Cordy of the bag on her head, Morrow eventually discovered that he did in fact have a dagger, and Seren took over to seam-rip the bag apart off her head. Cordy's face finally revealed, she looked like she'd been knocked around a bit with some bruising and a swollen eye. 

Seren was very keen to take Cordy to safety - specifically Dorchester - where he has access to his deity's Landkeeper. The rest of the party debated whether to follow him, and considered whether it would be a better option to backtrack to the ruined temple to see through their quest for the Coyote Landkeeper.

While leaving the house, Morrow crossed over the point where the undead crows could attack, and they did so with gusto. Unfortunately, being undead, the flocks only needed wait a turn to rise from the dead unless they were put down with Radiant damage, which Runa did not remember until the party was already in the thick of it. Seren, having little patience for the whole scene, blasted through four flocks at once with his cleric abilities and pushed onwards, encouraging the rest of the party to do so as well.

Faced with the onslaught of undying undead crows, the party followed suit. They managed to make their way down the path, taking note of the fact that the undead crows retained enough brains to avoid the whacky, wavy, creepy, branch-waving tree things. 

Once Morrow made it to the road, he noticed intrepid reporter Elias Gaillubair coming down the road with a stack of newspapers in his arms. He claimed to be out on delivery and was quite hostile towards the party, calling them criminals and stating that he believed them to be responsible for the death of Pina von Haley Grummersnuff. He also accused them of assisting Cordy, whom he hadn't noticed yet, to escape from jail. 

He gave the impression that he might have signed the pledge of allegiance to Governor Charles Lawrence, but according to the travellers, those who sign are unable to speak about the governor without the utmost praise. While he did not sing the governor's praises, the party was split on their belief as to whether Elias had pledged to the governor.

He verbally jousted with Nora and Morrow for a time before he made a strange suggestion that perhaps Carleton's Jesapeake Grey was in grave danger and in need of their assistance. Eoin, Nora, and Runa immediately sprung into action to aid the Carleton's local Voice of the Land, but Morrow and Seren had been able to resist whatever had caused the effects. The raven they had noticed with the undead crows had followed them down the path, continuing to observe them as this went on.

Morrow used Hold Person to great success and made sure that Elias couldn't do any further harm. Morrow did his best to gag Elias and tie him up, but he and Seren were unable to figure out how to end the spell to free their friends. That is, until Morrow whacked Elias over the head with his quarterstaff! The whole party then surrounded him - furious at his obvious machinations - only for the raven to swoop in and ungag Elias, allowing him to cast another spell, causing devastating amounts of psychic damage to two members of the party as the session ended.